Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-6140.mdx

releaseDate: '2020-11-17'
version: 6.14.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-6.13.1.gem'

> features: ["Add prepend implementation of Net::HTTP instrumentation", "Memory Sampler recognizes macOS Big Sur", "Capture incoming and outgoing distributed tracing request headers"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add prepend implementation of Net::HTTP instrumentation", "Recognize memory sampler in macOS Big Sur", "Capture incoming and outgoing distributed tracing request headers"]
```
